Mom, I am good enough. Vice President.
Mr. Fang, do you think I look like a joke now?
After counting, how should I go to meet the Ning family?
To face tens of thousands.
Vice President, the matter still needs room for discussion.
As long as you are there, how can you go back?
Tens of thousands are already missing, so we need to take more hands.
Turn this over and find it for me too.
Vice President, this is the divorce agreement that Miss Miss memorized.
say what.
Said, she has no name,
I ask you to be silent, so,
In fact, the marriage certificate between her and you can only be considered as a reference.
Marry her again
She just denied it all
she does this
She also has her reasons
Is it really good for her?
Me, you, Ding Shi?
It's okay, just be fierce
I'm kicking my butt every day
I didn't even see it
Give a company a chance to support you
I have suffered a lot
I made sure to eat something
I don't want to replace you again
Isn’t it true that Heaven’s principles are no longer enough?
The reason will help again
Can go and take all the property you want
I don’t want to change my life to start my own life
Sorry for these names
Eat a bunch more